Point to older docs for use with static installs (#2674)
chef/automate: components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/data-lifecycle.md

Different jobs are available depending on the data type you wish to configure or run.

In order to see the data lifecycle job statuses, configure jobs, or run jobs, you will need an [admin token]({{< relref "api-tokens.md#creating-an-admin-api-token" >}}) or a token for a user with `dataLifecycle:*` IAM access.

{{% warning %}}

> Note: Chef Automate releases earlier than 20191129172405 handled data retention differently. The [upgrade documentation]({{< ref "install/#upgrades" >}}) covers configuring your system to install new Chef Automate versions, or contact your customer support agent for guidance. You can also use the [previous documentation](https://github.com/chef/automate/blob/20191104205453/components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md#data-retention) for help with configuring data retention on older Chef Automate installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Chef Automate releases earlier than 20191129172405 handled data retention differently. The [upgrade documentation]({{< ref "install/#upgrades" >}}) covers configuring your system to install new Chef Automate versions, or contact your customer support agent for guidance. You can also use the [previous data retention documentation](https://github.com/chef/automate/blob/20191104205453/components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md#data-retention) for help with configuring data retention on older Chef Automate installations.
```

an [admin token]({{< relref "api-tokens.md#creating-an-admin-api-token" >}}) or a token
for a user with `dataLifecycle:*` IAM access.

> For Automate 2 versions < 20191129172405, see [older docs](https://github.com/chef/automate/blob/20191104205453/components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md#data-retention)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef Automate releases earlier than 20191129172405, handled data retention differently.  The [upgrade documentation] {{< relref "install/#upgrades" >}} covers configuring your system to install new Chef Automate versions or contact your customer support agent for guidance. You can also use the [previous documentation](https://github.com/chef/automate/blob/20191104205453/components/automate-chef-io/content/docs/configuration.md#data-retention) for help with configuring data retention on older Chef Automate installations.
```

> For Automate 2 versions higher than the level mentioned above, use the following

Reviewer 3: What is "the following"? :)

Reviewer 2: I'm also not clear about what this is for.

Reviewer: the following is referring to the content on that page i believe
